a creamy and sweet vanilla latte is
yours in a matter of minutes using the
CBT L beverage system you will need a
whisk our French deluxe vanilla powder
milk and espresso
we'll also use the milk frother for this
beverage let's begin by preparing milk
for a latte always use fresh cold milk
when using the milk frother this is a
latte we will use only the spindle tip
without the attachment twist the lid
clockwise to lock into place press the
power button on the side of the frother
the frother will have the milk ready in
a few minutes while preparing the milk
let's begin brewing a fresh shot of
espresso brew the espresso directly into
the cup
empty the powder sachet into the
espresso
whisk thoroughly until all the powder is
dissolved our milk is ready to pour
pour your milk slowly the expresso will
mingle with the milk allow firm to top
off the latte sweet rich and creamy
our signature vanilla latte is now ready
to enjoy